feat: improve typescript global types guide (#5051)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/typescript.mdx

## Extending `window` and `globalThis`

> You may want to add a property to the global object. You can do this by adding global const declarations to your `env.d.ts` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to add a property to the global object. You can do this by adding top-level declarations to your `env.d.ts` file:
```
